[All Hosts] (debugging) revise the article about attaching debugger i… (#3203)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/attach-debugger-from-task-pane.md

---
title: Attach a debugger from the task pane

> description: 'Learn how to attach a debugger from the task pane'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to attach a debugger from the task pane.
```
